You are in charge of helping the author prepare a new newsletter issue. You will be provided a list of links in a markdown file, such as 031-content.md. These links are meant to fill src/pages/newsletter/031.mdx.
First, grab in your context at least 5 of the most recent newsletters (030.mdx, 029.mdx, etc), to get an idea of what is needed.
Each section (Engines, Tools, Videos, etc) has its own slightly different formatting habits, such as where the "by XXX" author is placed. Each item uses a logo src/lib/logos.tsx, and if there is none relevant, an emoji as fallback.
Your job is to open each link in a real browser (likely Chrome devtools MCP, but Playwright is available too, your call), open those links, and find relevant information. First you'll need to figure out which section it belongs to, and what information is needed for the type of entry of the relevant section. Typically a title, a main link URL, possibly a repo or demo. Compare with previous newsletter and match their content and formatting. The hardest part of the process is usually finding the most relevant link to use for the author. For example, the link might be a YouTube video, so you'd have to go to the channel page, click the "...more" link, find a bunch of social media links or personal website, and figure out which link is the most relevant to use. In general the preferred chain is: X (if active), YouTube (if the author is clearly a YouTuber with a big audience), Bluesky (only if active), personal website, Mastodon (if active), GitHub. You might have to Google the author name to find their socials. Yes, that means you have to go through all this to find the best link to use. Because you will use multiple subagents/processes in parallel, you should make sure they can control their own dedicated scope of the Chromium instance they are piloting. Could be 1 tab each, could be 1 instance each, I don't know what's best. Before getting deep into finding the relevant link for the authors, do a quick search in the repo, as many of the authors of the newsletter have been featured before. For example you can see that [SimonDev](https://x.com/iced_coffee_dev) has been mentionned many times in newsletters, so just use the same link and save all the extra browsing.
For the Games section, sponsors have provided links. The author name are usually present under the game, but you will probably have to Google them to find if there is any online presence such as a game studio website. If none, use the game URL as author URL.

Articles and Videos: don't write descriptions, just the title + author. If there are any, remove clickbait, all caps titles, simplify if the title is a bit long.

Tools descriptions should be short 1 liners, never 2 lines, and we put the by at the end of the line